# Challenges and Risks

Communication is likely to be the biggest obstacle this group will face in regards to finishing this project in a timely manner. Each member of this team has their own individual sets of limitations and challenges due to school. As students, we have our own classes to attend, homework to do, work to attend, and lives to live. We also have our own individual strengths and specialties which could potentially lead to differing opinions. Additionally, our work ethics likely vary, which could lead to misunderstanding and frustration. This will potentially lead to issues if we fail to get ahead of this before any serious amount of technical work starts.

To combat these issues, communication will be key. Communication should occur on a few different levels. Our team should commit itself to having team meetings at regular intervals. These meetings will allow us to check in with each other and get a macro view of the individual work we have been putting in and how it relates to the project as a whole. This will allow members to be aware of the location and pace of other members. Meeting notes should be taken and published so that they can be referenced by all users. Information of note for these notes might include lists of responsibilities, roles, timelines, and due dates. 

We should strive to make a space where group members can go to get a current snapshot of the project. This might look like a Kanban, Trello, or Miro board. This centralized space might include easy to digest representations of workloads, diagrams, notes, and ideas. This space should also include a space for any meeting notes that are taken.

Individual group members should strive to be transparent about their progress and needs. This project is designed to challenge our abilities to work together and our group should make it a goal to attend to the needs of the other group members. This is more easily done if we are open and transparent about any difficulties we face.

We also will face more minor obstacles. Our group has little experience in regards to GUI design and implementation. This might lead to hitches and hickups in the development of our program. This program is designed with a non-technical user base in mind, so the GUI is an incredibly important function. If the GUI provides sufficiently difficult we might have issues getting a minimum viable product available within appropriate timeframes.
